Good day to all my name is
brian today i'm going korzham
to tell you where else falls
four new pets
Since Karadzhan raid is quite large
video decided and divided into 2 parts
no doubt today I will tell you where
falls pitomitsy evil and terrible wolf
the probability of a drop is a little over
15 percent and also where it falls
See the menagerie the probability that
he will fall is a little over five
percent if you don't know where
is the entrance to the raid Karazhan then in
Currently you can see a link to
video where I tell in detail how
find this raid and so move forward as
only we entered the first thing that
we need to do it kill one boss
otherwise we will not go far
it is here that the boss is his
we just need to kill without any
features
finally when we figured it all out
now we can run the boss from which
we can fall 1 pet
now we need to talk to this
character that is, I press the button
not an actor and so on if you have this
no buttons then it seems you are not
killed the first boss now will be the most
interesting from us it does not depend
the choice will be played that is
absolutely by chance three performances this
aroma u juliet
still some and about the red cap so
here we need to make a wine and a performance about
red cap because only in this
the case will be the boss angry and scary gray
wolf which we safely kill and
with a probability of 15 percent can
get a pet however today i don't
lucky it is once again its frame and
Juliet
pet of course not but we run to
next bass
finally we got to the next boss
this is the caretaker with him we may fall
the superintendent of the menagerie let me remind you that the chance
groups is just over five
percent on this this video
come to an end thanks for watching not
skip the second part in which I
I'll tell you where the evil falls without and described
customary
subscribe to my channel and to new
meeting